A basic prosthetic is built with better grade alloys
and plastics. Attachment relies on standard and
safe medical procedures, although initial surgical
stabilisation of serious wounds still carries standard
risks. These prosthetic limbs and hands are shaped
like a real body part and allow somewhat competent
use after a rehabilitation period of 1D+2 weeks. This
prosthetic inflicts DM-1 to all DEX-based checks that
require its use. This augmentation is not affected by
electromagnetic attacks but is detectable as artificial.

An improved prosthetic uses robotic parts and
nerve-connected biofeedback that allow it to
function identically to a lost limb. After a 1D+2 week
rehabilitation period, the Traveller is able to perform
DEX-based checks with no penalty. This prosthetic
is affected by electromagnetic pulses and while still
detectable as artificial, it can be disguised by adding
Natural-looking and Invisitech options.

Prosthetic
Limb       TL Effect                              Cost
                                                                     Weapon Implant
Primitive      2   DM-2 on DEX-based              Cr100
                   checks using limb
Basic          7   DM-1 on DEX-based              Cr250
                   checks using limb
Improved       9   No DEX penalty                 Cr5000
                                                           WEAPON IMPLANT
                                                           One of the Traveller’s hands and forearm is replaced
                                                           with a lifelike framework of alloy and polymers which
                                                           has a hidden hinged split built within it. Opening in two
                                                           halves, from between the middle and ring fingers to the
                                                           elbow, the implant hides a small weapon shielded from
                                                           most scanners (those of TL12 and lower). The weapon
                                                           is modified to fit the implant and operates on nervous
                                                           impulse but is otherwise the same as its common
                                                           counterpart. This implant includes the cost of the custom
                                                           weapon and any required magazine or power pack.
                                                           Reloading requires insertion of individual ammunition into
                                                           the magazine or external links to a power source. Subject
                                                           to Availability, weapons may be upgraded at implantation
                                                           time only to similar-sized items at cost of five times the
                                                           base cost in addition to the cost of the standard implant.
                                                           Note that a ranged stunner is considered an upgrade from
                                                           a laser pistol, not a stunstick.
                                                                                                                        Augments
                                                           Weapon Implant TL        Effect               Cost
                                                           Weapon Implant 10        See text             Cr5000
                                                           - Dagger
                                                           Weapon Implant 10        See text             Cr10000
                                                           - Stunstick
            Prosthetic Limbs                               Weapon Implant 10        See text             Cr12000
                                                           - Auto Pistol
                                                           Weapon Implant 11        See text             Cr25000
                                                           - Laser Pistol




                                                                                                                        57
