                  Compound Bow   SPECIALISED RANGED WEAPONS
                                 All weapons described in this section require the
                                 Athletics skill to use effectively. Use of monofilament
                                 weapons retains skills from their conventional versions
                                 when used but they require a separate skill level in the
                                 specific monofilament weapon to avoid that weapon
                                 gaining the Dangerous trait. Any use of a ranged
                                 monofilament weapon without a specific skill of at least
                                 1 results in the weapon becoming Dangerous.

                                 BOLAS
                                 This is a throwing weapon made from two or three
                                 weights fastened together by a cord. It is used to bring
                                 down an enemy rather than hurt them. A person hit by a
Short Bow                        bolas does not sustain any damage. Instead, they must
                                 make a Melee (unarmed) check opposed by the Athletics
                                 (dexterity) check of the attacker, as if being grappled. If
                                 failed, the defender is immobilised and falls prone. The
                                 defender can free themself by performing a successful
                                 Routine (6+) DEX check as a Significant Action.


                  Long Bow       BOOMERANG
                                 The boomerang is a shaped piece of wood designed
                                 to be thrown and deliver damage to a target. Most
                                 boomerangs used for hunting do not return to the
                                 thrower but a returning boomerang can be purchased
                                 for Cr10. It inflicts DM-2 on attack rolls but if it misses
                                 a target it will return to the thrower in the next combat
                                 round. It can be caught with a successful Athletics
  Crossbow                       (dexterity) check. The thrower will take damage equal
                                 to the Effect if it is negative and drop the boomerang.

                                 MONOFILAMENT BOLAS
                                 Unlike the primitive bolas, this weapon does not
                                 entangle an enemy but slices through any target with
                                 its monofilament cords. The bolas will not immobilise a
                                 target on a successful attack.

                                 MONOFILAMENT NET
                                 Unlike a standard net, this weapon is designed to slice
                                 its victim in multiple locations. A person attacked by
                                 a net must make a Melee (unarmed) check opposed                Weaponry
                                 by the Athletics (dexterity) check of the attacker, as
                                 if being grappled. If this check is failed, the defender
                                 suffers damage dice equal to the Effect of the failure.
                                 On subsequent rounds, the entrapped person can
                                 either remain immobilised, taking no further damage, or
                                 choose to try to escape by making a successful Difficult
   Repeating Crossbow            (10+) DEX check; failure causes additional damage
                                 dice equal to the negative Effect.




                                                                                               155
