                                                                         T    R     A       V    E       L      L       E   R




           MATTER DISINTEGRATOR
           This highly advanced weapon causes atoms to release
           particles in rapid succession, effectively disintegrating
           its target. At TL19, the matter disintegrator integrates
           an effectively unlimited power source.                            Hand Flamer


           PEPPER SPRAY
           Not technically an energy weapon but a dispenser for a
           chemical irritant, pepper spray, also referred to as bear
           spray or mace, fires a stream of chemical irritant to deter
           attack. Of limited range and only useful against targets
           with an exposed face (no helmet or mask), pepper spray                 Laser Pistol
           is a defensive weapon that is sometimes used by law
           enforcement to disperse crowds and as protection on
           worlds that prohibit offensive ranged weapons.

           A wielder of a pepper spray dispenser can substitute an
           Average (8+) DEX check to attack if they do not have
           the Gun Combat skill. Any living target struck with the
           spray who does not have a respirator or sealed suit
           will be attacked as if by a poison with a Very Difficult
                                                                             Maser Pistol
           (12+) END check, Damage 1D (Stun) and Interval
           of one round. The spray stops causing damage on a
           successful check or within 1D rounds.


           PERSONAL DEFENCE LASER
           A lightweight laser weapon fed by one-use chemical
           cartridges rather than an external power pack, the
           personal defence laser (PDL) uses a 25-round
           magazine inserted in the handgrip. It is capable of
           fully-automatic fire and is used as a sidearm by some
           military officers. It is somewhat bulkier than a laser                                            Stunners
           pistol but remains manageable.

           STUNNER
           A non-lethal weapon designed to inflict a massive
           shock to the target, incapacitating it.
                                                                                                     Personal Defence
Weaponry




                                                                                                     Laser
                                  Pepper Spray




                                                      Matter Disintigrator




   150
