missiles to devastating effect. The plasma warheads
detonate with the power of a small sun, vaporising
anything within their lethal zone.                                                      Bolt Thrower

ROCKET POD
This is a pod containing small rockets with high-explosive
warheads. The pod can be fitted to most vehicles and
aircraft and is usually aimed by pointing the craft. Rockets
can be fired one at a time or rippled off in a rolling salvo.
Rocket pods may use the variant ammunition types found
in the Specialised Ammunition chapter.

ROTARY AUTOCANNON
Although relatively small calibre, this autocannon                    Bombardment
utilises rotating barrels, enabling it to sustain a hideous           Rocket Rack
rate of fire. It is equally effective against infantry and
light vehicles and, with armour-piercing ammunition, it
can even be useful against tanks. A rotary autocannon
may use the variant ammunition types found in the
Specialised Ammunition chapter.

TAC LAUNCHER                                                                          Heavy Rocket Pod
A support weapon capable of firing battlefield tactical
(tac) missiles, this launcher provides a cheap and easy
way to arm a vehicle with missiles. Tac launchers can
use a variety of missiles.

TORPEDO
Effectively an underwater missile, torpedoes are large
                                                                Plasma Missile Rack
and unwieldy weapons when they first appear but
can prove extremely threatening to even the largest
ships. Development of torpedoes accelerates rapidly,
spelling the demise of naval craft until defences
improve to match them.


                                                                                      Rocket Pod




                                                 Torpedo
                                                                                                          Weaponry
WATER CANNON                                                      TAC Launcher
These are used for fire suppression, riot control and
dispersal of chemicals. Any target struck by a water
cannon must pass a Difficult (10+) STR check or be
knocked prone and rendered helpless for one round. A
water cannon’s magazine is dependent upon how much
water it has access to. Every extra 0.25 tons dedicated
to the water cannon increases its magazine size by 10.                                    Water Cannon




                                                                                                         173
