                                                                        T   R      A       V      E        L   L   E   R




           SAWED-OFF SHOTGUN
           Popular more as a threat and it's (comparative) ease
           of concealment than as a serious combat weapon, a
           sawed-off shotgun has had its barrels greatly shortened              Rifle
           and the stock removed. It has a very short range but
           the wide spread of shot doubles the attack roll bonus
           at short range (DM+2). A sawed-off shotgun is treated
           as a light assault weapon and prohibited at Law Level
           4 and above, although conversion from a standard
           shotgun requires only a saw that will cut through metal.
                                                                                           Sawed-off Shotgun
           SHOTGUN
           Shotguns are smoothbore weapons that typically fire
           ammunition containing multiple small pellets. They are
           most effective at short range. A shotgun using pellet
           ammunition ignores Dodge dice modifiers but armour
           gives double protection against pellet attacks and
           damage beyond listed range is halved. Also available
           is a light shotgun with lower recoil using smaller gauge                              Shotgun
           shells and intended for small game hunting.

           SNIPER RIFLE
           This is a high-tech, high-calibre rifle designed for
           maximum accuracy and penetration. With its integrated
           silencer and magnification scope, long-distance targets
           can be killed quietly and efficiently.
                                                                            Sniper Rifle

           SNUB CARBINE
           The carbine version of the snub pistol uses the same
           receiver with a longer barrel and a folding stock.
           Operation is still semi-automatic and, overall, the
           weapon is barely more effective than the pistol version,
           other than possessing a longer effective range.

           SPEAR GUN
           This is a weapon intended for use underwater. Utilising                Snub Carbine
           compressed air, it fires a harpoon or spear, which
           may be attached to the spear gun by a strong line. A
           Significant Action is required to reload a spear gun after
Weaponry




           it has been fired.
                                                                                           Spear Gun
           SUBMACHINE GUN
           A short weapon capable of automatic fire, it puts the
           power of an assault rifle into a small package. However,
           it lacks a rifle’s accuracy at range.




                                                                            Submachine Gun




   148
