                                                                        T    R         A     V     E   L   L   E   R




           GAUSS PISTOL
           Gauss pistols use electromagnetic coils to accelerate
           metallic darts to hypersonic speeds. Gauss weapons
           are lightweight, efficient and deadly.                           Heavy Revolver

           HEAVY REVOLVER
           A more robust and solidly built version of the standard
           revolver, a heavy revolver fires a long (Magnum) 10mm
           or even 12mm cartridge.

           MAGRAIL PISTOL
           Using similar technology to gauss weapons, magrail
           pistols throw ovoid projectiles (sometimes erroneously           Magrail Pistol
           called discs or shuriken) which hit hard at short ranges
           but lack penetrative power.

           REVOLVER
           A conventional six-shooter handgun.

           SHOT PISTOL
           This is a single shot, break-open smoothbore                     Revolver
           handgun designed to fire non-standard low-powered
           14mm cartridges, intended to deal with snakes and
           similar vermin in the wilderness. It is virtually useless
           beyond a few metres.

           SNUB PISTOL
           These lightweight, low-recoil weapons fire rocket-
           propelled rounds and were designed for use aboard                Snub Pistol
           spacecraft and in zero gravity.

           UNIVERSAL AUTOPISTOL
           This is a small-calibre semi-automatic handgun
           designed to be used by a variety of alien hands and
           appendages, enabling armed forces to issue a standard
           sidearm to non-human personnel. The weapon is
           also known as a staple gun because of its shape and
           modest effectiveness.
Weaponry




                                                                            Universal Autopistol
           ZIP GUN
           A Zip Gun is a one-shot weapon cobbled together from
           whatever materials are available. They are, by definition,
           unique. Zip guns suffer DM-1 to their attack rolls.




                                                                            Zip Gun




   144
