                                                                       T      R      A       V   E   L      L    E    R



                                                                                                     Brass Knuckles
           UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL WEAPONS
           All weapons described in this section require the Melee
           (unarmed) skill to use effectively. A human striking with
           bare fists or feet inflicts 1D with a melee attack.

           BRASS KNUCKLES
           A heavy knuckleduster (which may or may not be made
           of actual brass), brass knuckles add inertia to a punch,
           as well as protecting the fist. Heavy boots or specially
           modified shoes with hard striking surfaces can also
           function in the same way.                                            Handspikes


           CLAW GLOVE
           A heavy glove with retractable claws, this item was
           developed to counter augmented Aslan dewclaws
           and to support lethal pit-fighting in seedier human and
           Vargr communities, although versions are available
           for nearly any species with hands. Most worlds ban
           such activities – and the gloves, which are considered
           personal concealable weapons.

           GARROTTE                                                                                  Garrotte
           A piece of cord or wire, sometimes with handles to
           make it easier to apply force. A garrotte can only be
           used upon an opponent who has been successfully
           grappled (see the Traveller Core Rulebook, page 78).
           If a successful grapple leads to an enemy suffering
           damage, the garrotte will inflict 2D damage, plus the
           Effect of the opposed Melee check. Every consecutive
           round in which a garrotte is successfully used will add
           an additional 1D to the damage caused.                          Monofilament
                                                                                Garotte
           HANDSPIKES
           Essentially a heavy knuckleduster with spikes that
           penetrate rather than just relying on simple impact,
           handspikes are intimidating and leave a very nasty
           wound. Versions implemented in boots are also available.
Weaponry




           KNUCKLEBLASTERS
           A truly vicious weapon, the knuckleblasters take the
           form of a reinforced glove with heavily padded fingers
           that incorporate a row of sockets across the back of
           the hand. These sockets are loaded individually with
           four shotgun shells which detonate when the wielder’s
           fist comes into hard contact with a target, causing a
           devastating amount of damage. After a successful
           attack, the knuckleblasters must be reloaded, a process
           requiring two Significant Actions.
                                                                                   Knuckleblasters




   138
