ARCHAIC ARMOUR
Occasionally Travellers may encounter enemies
encased in primitive body armour or may be forced into
a position to purchase and use it themselves. While
inefficient, it can be effective against melee weapons
and some weak firearms.

Against ranged weapons of a higher Tech Level, all
armour in this section halves its Protection (rounding
up). Unless specifically stated, only one layer of archaic
armour can be worn at once.

 Breastplate: A metal breastplate covers the front           Breastplate                 Half-Plate
 and back of the torso, offering decent protection
 against hand weapons and archaic projectiles.

                                                                               Mail Hauberk
 Full Plate: A complete suit of armour comprising
 shaped and fitted metal plates, riveted and
 interlocked to cover the entire body. It includes
 gauntlets, heavy leather boots and a helmet. Plate
 is designed to distribute its weight over the body, so
 hampers movement less than might be expected.
 However, it is heavy and tiring to wear and the sheer
 mass of metal that has to be moved imposes DM-2
 on all checks involving physical activity, although
 there is no penalty to close combat attacks.


 Half-Plate: Favoured by heavy cavalry even after
 infantry have dispensed with meaningful armour
 themselves, half-plate consists of articulated plates
 backed by light mail and padding.


 Mail Hauberk: A knee-length coat of interlocking
 large or small metal rings set on a leather backing,
 a hauberk offers excellent protection against hand
 weapons and is used mainly by heavy infantry and
 cavalry. Scale mail (constructed with small plates
 rather than rings) offers similar protection and is a
 variation of the mail hauberk.
                                                                                                         Armour
                                                                           Full Plate



ARMOUR TYPE                    PROTECTION                    TL RAD KG COST             REQUIRED SKILL
Breastplate                    +3                            1   —    5      Cr200      None
Full Plate                     +6                            2   —    20     Cr1000     None
Half-Plate                     +5                            2   —    12     Cr800      None
Mail Hauberk                   +4                            1   —    8      Cr500      None




                                                                                                         17
