                                                                          T     R     A       V    E      L       L     E   R




           ORBITAL DEFENCE CANNON
           An extremely large hypervelocity cannon, this weapon
           can engage targets on the ground but, if elevated, can
           attack its preferred targets, low-orbiting spacecraft. If it
           does so, it increases its range to 1,000 kilometres.

           PLASMA GUN
           A heavy plasma gun designed for mounting on vehicles,              Orbital Defence Cannon
           this weapon is generally fitted to advanced grav vehicles
           and some aircraft. However, it is intended more as a
           support weapon than main anti-vehicle armament.

           RAIL GUN
           This is a powerful vehicle-mounted cannon that uses
           electromagnetic propulsion to fling a solid projectile in a
           flat trajectory that damages the target using kinetic energy.
           Time of flight to the target is less than conventional guns,
           making compensation for movement easier.
                                                                                 Plasma Gun
           ROTARY AUTOCANNON
           Although relatively small calibre, this autocannon
           utilises rotating barrels, enabling it to sustain a hideous
           rate of fire. It is equally effective against infantry and
           light vehicles and, with armour-piercing ammunition, it
           can even be useful against tanks. A rotary autocannon
           may use the variant ammunition types found in the
           Specialised Ammunition chapter.

           VRF GAUSS GUN
           The very rapid-firing (VRF) gauss gun is a support                                          Rail Gun
           weapon that uses electromagnetic technology to deliver
           withering bursts of fire. Often used as an anti-personnel
           weapon on vehicles, consumption of ammunition is
           prodigious and large hoppers are used to ensure
           adequate supply in combat. The VRF gauss gun may
           use the rifle variant ammunition types found in the
           Specialised Ammunition chapter.

           VRF MACHINEGUN
Weaponry




           This weapon is constructed from six machinegun
           barrels which rotate through firing positions to maintain          VRF Gauss Cannon
           a very high rate of fire without adverse heating. The
           VRF machinegun may use the rifle variant ammunition
           types found in the Specialised Ammunition chapter.




                                                                                                       VRF Machinegun
                                         Rotary Autocannon




   170
