                                                                        T      R       A       V       E       L      L       E       R



                                                                            SURVIVABILITY
                                                                            Battle dress is effective in conditions where a hostile
         BATTLE DRESS                                                       environment vacc suit would be required, such as deep
                                                                            underwater, worlds with toxic atmosphere, extremes
         Representing the ultimate in personal protection, battle
         dress is considered an advanced, powered version                   of radiation or temperature. Battle dress provides life
         of combat armour but it is actually constructed very               support for 12 hours by default.
         differently. Battle dress enhances the strength and senses
         of individuals with variable feedback personal controls,
         servo-powered limbs and assorted electronic assistance.

         Basic suits do not come with any integrated weaponry
         and troops are usually armed with the best small arms
         and energy weapons available, carried in hand like regular
         troops, although powerful weaponry can also be integrated
         into the battle dress itself to ensure the operator is never
         without defence. It is also common for battle dress to be
         fitted with integral grav assist but this is not universal.

         All battle dress comes equipped with an electronics
         suite (see page 27) appropriate to its Tech Level
         and with the following additional standard equipment
         suitable to its Tech Level of manufacture:
         Personal Heads-up Display (P-HUD): Combined
         weapons/data HUD; each weapon requires separate
         HUD modules.
         Transceiver Encryption Module: Requires an
         equipped module on the target transceiver to establish
         secure communications links.
         Security/2 software: This program runs separate from
         the suit’s computer, protecting the suit from hacking.

         Additionally, battle dress is supremely customisable,
         either at point of manufacture or in the field, given
         sufficient technical expertise. Because of this, each
         suit of battle dress is listed as having a number of
         equipment Slots which can be filled with modifications,
         additions and weaponry. See page 44 for battle dress
         specific modifications.

         CHARACTERISTICS
         Operators wearing battle dress are treated as
         having enhanced characteristics (usually STR
         and DEX) for carrying equipment and modifiers
Armour




         in combat but not for taking damage. These
         enhancements are listed in the description.

         In addition, while powered and active, the mass of
         battle dress does not count against the encumbrance
         of the operator and is effectively weightless. By default,
         battle dress comes equipped with fuel cells sufficient for
         12 hours of full combat operation.


                battle dress


   38
