                                                                       T   R   A   V       E       L      L         E   R




           MASER RIFLE
           A maser is a concentrated beam of microwave energy
           which boils a target from the inside. This makes it far                                      Ion Rifle
           more effective at destroying armoured targets and is far
           more potent than a laser rifle. The power cell carries an
           indefinite charge so long as it remains undamaged and
           will recharge itself after an hour of not being fired.

           PLASMA RIFLE
           TL16 technology allows the bulky reactor and plasma
                                                                                                 Laser Carbine
           chamber of the PGHP (see page 163) to be made small
           enough to fit into a rifle frame. The plasma rifle is a
           high-powered weapon designed to crack battle dress.

           SOLAR BEAM RIFLE
           Using ambient solar radiation to create a short-ranged
           but powerful laser-like beam, this rifle is devastating
           against any human-sized target, capable of vaporising
           most targets it hits. The solar beam rifle has very
           limited storage capacity but automatically recharges if                 Laser rifle
           exposed to two hours of direct sunlight.

           STAGGER LASER RIFLE
           This weapon uses an industrial-grade beam splitter to
           create an automatic fire effect from a single powerful
           laser pulse. While reducing the energy of each
           individual shot, it allows a supporting role without
           massive amounts of energy, reducing the need for
           over-sized power packs.
                                                                                                 Laser Sniper Rifle
           STUN BLASTER
           A non-lethal weapon designed to inflict a massive
           shock to the target or targets, incapacitating them.
           The stun blaster inflicts more damage than a smaller
           hand-held stunner and when set to blast, receives the
           Blast trait. Blast shots inflict reduced damage of 3D and
           consume two charges from the magazine.                                                       Maser Rifle

           STUN CARBINE
Weaponry




           A stun carbine is a larger, longer-range version of
           the hand-held stunner. Its major advantage over
           a standard hand-held stunner is its range. The
           detachable power pack is mounted in the weapon’s
           stock and is not interchangeable with power packs of
                                                                                                       Plasma Rifle
           smaller hand stunners.




                                                       Solar Beam Rifle



   152
