PROTECTIVE SUITS
Some armour comes as a complete suit and is worn with
a helmet and additional gear such as air tanks. Suits,
if sealed, offer total protection from gas and airborne
biological or chemical agents. These suits can be divided
into four types: civilian suits designed to protect the wearer
from vacuum or hazardous environments, unpowered
combat armour designed for protection against weaponry,
powered civilian or more often military armour designed for
heavy loads or severe conditions and battle dress, normally
only available to licensed military operatives.

Protective suits cannot be combined with other
armour, fitting tightly around the wearer and regulating
temperature. On the inside, these suits often have
connectors for medical sensors and waste disposal.
Additionally, the outer surfaces are covered with sensors,
equipment and radiative cooling coils. If Travellers desire
greater protection, they should purchase a modified
version or upgrade to a more protective suit.

ELECTRONICS SUITE
Unless otherwise stated, protective suits at TL8 and
above come equipped with the following electronics
suite appropriate to their Tech Level. All suites with a
scope are assumed to have a helmet heads-up display
(HUD) for all features of the suite. A protective suit built
and purchased at a higher Tech Level than standard
will contain an electronics suite suitable for its Tech
Level of manufacture but only if it is the most advanced
available version. For instance, a TL12 advanced vacc
suit manufactured at TL13 will contain include a TL13
suite and cost the standard Cr20000 but an improved
vacc suit (normally TL10 at Cr10000) manufactured
and purchased on a TL13 world would have at best a
TL11 electronics suite and cost Cr10000.




 TL    Electronics Suite
 All   Eye Protection, Geiger Counter, Body Camera, Helmet Lights
 8     Radio Transceiver (50km)                                                                                           Armour
 9     Computer/0, Radio Transceiver (500km)
 10    Computer/1, Binoculars, IR Goggles, Radio Transceiver (500km), Scope
 11    Computer/1, Binoculars, IR Goggles, Radio Transceiver (500km), Scope
 12    Computer/2, Binoculars, IR Goggles, Light Intensifier Goggles, Radio Transceiver (500km), Scope
 13    Computer/2, PRIS Binoculars, Radio Transceiver (5,000km), Scope
 14    Computer/2, PRIS Binoculars, Radio Transceiver (5,000km), Scope
 15    Computer/3, PRIS Binoculars, Radio Transceiver (5,000km), Scope
 16+ Bioscanner, Computer/4, PRIS Binoculars, Radio Transceiver (5,000 km), Scope
The scope feature of the Electronic Suite will apply as a Trait to any weapon held and fired by the wearer of the suit.




                                                                                                                          27
