ENERGY RIFLES                                                HEAVY LASER RIFLE
                                                             A large and somewhat unwieldy weapon, the heavy laser
All weapons described in this section require the Gun
                                                             rifle is intended for snipers who hunt heavily armoured
Combat (energy) skill to use effectively.
                                                             targets but it is equally well-suited to targeting light
                                                             vehicles. The power pack is integrated into the weapon
CARTRIDGE LASER CARBINE                                      itself, removing the need for a heavy backpack.
A cartridge laser carbine dispenses the need for a power
pack by using a magazine that provides the necessary
energy to fire the weapon via chemical reaction. This
                                                             ION RIFLE
                                                             At higher Tech Levels, ion technology has been
greatly reduces the overall weight, albeit at the cost
                                                             miniaturised to the level that it can be used for personal
of fewer shots. However, the cartridge is no slower
                                                             weapons. At TL14, a hit from an ion rifle can disrupt
to replace than a slug magazine and is disposable,
                                                             robots, electronic equipment on vehicles or powered
meaning no lengthy recharges are required.
                                                             armour for 1D rounds. Powered armour or robots with
                                                             Protection +20 or higher are immune and the weapon
CARTRIDGE LASER RIFLE                                        does not affect vehicles with Armour 4+. At TL15, the ion
A heavier, more powerful version of cartridge laser          rifle is considerably more expensive but can penetrate
weapon, this rifle is capable of automatic fire.             personal or robot armour with any Protection and can
                                                             momentarily disrupt vehicles with Armour 8 or less.
CRYO RIFLE
Taking the technology of the cryojet (see page 160)          LASER CARBINE
and miniaturising it into the frame of a rifle, this         Laser carbines are shorter and lighter than laser rifles
weapon becomes the bane of even heavy infantry               and have a correspondingly shorter range.
encased within battle dress. If a target wearing any
kind of sealed protective suit is struck by a cryo rifle,
they must make an Average (8+) STR check or be
                                                             LASER RIFLE
                                                             Laser rifles are highly accurate at long range and are
held in place for 1D rounds.
                                                             powered by heavy backpacks.

FLAME RIFLE                                                  LASER SNIPER RIFLE
An advanced flamethrower, the flame rifle packs
                                                             A six-shot model designed to be used for mobile
everything a firestarter needs into one compact package.
                                                             sniping. The power pack is integrated into the weapon
                                                             itself, removing the need for a heavy backpack.




  Cartridge Laser Carbine

                                                                                         Cartridge Laser Rifle
                                                                                                                           Weaponry

                               Cryo Rifle

                                                                                     Flame Rifle


                                                     Heavy Laser Rifle




                                                                                                                          151
