GATLING LASER
A relatively low-powered, vehicle-mounted laser weapon,
the gatling laser uses several cryogenically cooled
barrels fired in succession to deliver a hail of fire. The
gatling laser is often used as an air-defence weapon.

                                                                                 Gatling Laser
GAUSS CANNON
This weapon uses advanced electromagnetic (‘gauss’)
propulsion to accelerate a metal dart to tremendous
speed. The projectile is a lump of dense metal which
damages the target using kinetic energy and the gauss
cannon is capable of firing them rapidly. The gauss
cannon may use the variant ammunition types found in
the Specialised Ammunition chapter.

HEAVY MACHINEGUN                                             Gauss Cannon
Designed to be mounted upon a vehicle or tripod, the
heavy machinegun has proven effective against light
vehicles and aircraft but is primarily intended to mow
down advancing infantry. The heavy machinegun may
use the rifle variant ammunition types found in the
Specialised Ammunition chapter.
                                                                            Heavy Machinegun
HYPERVELOCITY CANNON
The hypervelocity cannon uses electromagnetic
propulsion, similar to a gauss weapon and is typically
mounted in emplacements or very large vehicles.
Despite its range, it can be used against targets in low
orbit if it can be elevated far enough. This extended
range (100 kilometres) is only useful in direct fire at
airborne or orbital targets as this weapon cannot ‘lob’
its projectiles like a howitzer. The hypervelocity cannon
may use the variant ammunition types found in the
Specialised Ammunition chapter.                                Hypervelocity Cannon

LASER CANNON
A single barrel laser main gun for a vehicle, the laser
cannon is the first truly effective vehicle energy weapon.

MESON ACCELERATOR
A battlefield-grade meson accelerator requires a
huge power supply and can only be mounted in
                                                                                                         Weaponry
emplacements or the very largest of vehicles. It is
similar in operation to starship-grade meson guns                                        Laser Cannon
in that the particles it accelerates do not interact
with matter until they decay, allowing the weapon to
effectively shoot through any obstruction so long as the
target’s location is known. Meson accelerators ignore
all Armour and radiation shielding.



                                                                            Meson Accelerator




                                                                                                        169
