                                                                         T     R   A   V    E      L       L   E    R




           LIGHT HOWITZER
           A short-barrelled artillery piece crewed by up to six
           personnel and usually moved by animal power or
           towed by a vehicle, the light howitzer can deliver shells
           towards far off targets. It can also fire over open sights
           but there are far better weapons for this role.

                                                                                                   Support Mortar
           LIGHT GUN
           A long-barrelled artillery piece, this gun has a higher muzzle
           velocity than the equivalent howitzer and can hit targets
           further away. It is also more capable in the direct fire role.


           MASS DRIVER
           An advanced tube-based artillery piece using
           electromagnetic acceleration to hurl its payload, a mass
           driver will normally be mounted on a vehicle. It requires
           a crew of at least eight, including power technicians as
           well as gunners and is effective in the direct-fire role.

           SIEGE GUN
           An updated version of the largest artillery piece ever
           built on old Terra, this 800mm siege gun must be
           moved in parts and assembled in its firing position,                                   Seige Gun
           making it unwieldy and prone to counter-battery fire
           by lesser, but more practical, pieces. Its awesome
           warhead can be delivered to a target many kilometres
           away and a direct hit from its five ton shell would flatten
           a tank, or even a maritime vessel, with ease – before
           detonating. It is extremely slow to reload, requiring 1D
           hours between firing shells.

           SUPPORT MORTAR                                                                    Mass Driver
           A heavy mortar mounted on a wheeled carriage rather
           than being carried by infantry, the support mortar flings a
           bomb in the 120mm range over a respectable distance.
Weaponry




                                                                                           Light Gun




                                                              Light Howitzer




   166
