                                                                      T    R       A   V       E     L     L     E      R




           AEROSPACE DEFENCE LASER
           A powerful laser weapon designed for emplaced or
           mobile aerospace defence, it consumes immense power
           but delivers impressive damage. It is intended primarily
           to engage missiles and small craft but can attack                               Aerospace Defence Laser
           starships, aircraft and grav vehicles equally well.


           AUTOCANNON
           Autocannons are rapid-fire belt-fed weapons, with
           shells ranging from 20–65mm, capable of providing
           tactical support against infantry, light vehicles and
           aircraft. Autocannons are generally used to protect
           bunkers or mounted on light armoured vehicles, aircraft
           or aboard maritime vessels. Autocannons may use                                                Autocannon
           the variant ammunition types found in the Specialised
           Ammunition chapter.

           BLACK POWDER CANNON
           This is a simple smoothbore black-powder cannon                                               Black Powder
           capable of delivering shot out to a kilometre or so without                                   Cannon
           any real degree of accuracy. Roundshot is the most
           commonly used ammunition, although canister shot is
           also popular. The black powder cannon typically requires
           a crew of six or so plus beasts of burden to move it. It
           may use canister rounds but not other variant types
           listed in the Specialised Ammunition chapter.

           CANNON
           A large calibre gun used to arm the heavy tanks and
           armoured vehicles of mid-Tech Level armies. Cannons
           may use the variant ammunition types found in the
           Specialised Ammunition chapter.
                                                                          Cannon
           FIELD GUN
           A rifled muzzle-loading cannon mounted on a
           horse-drawn carriage and requiring a crew of six or
           more, the field gun is more accurate at range than
           a smoothbore cannon. Field guns may use canister                                               Field Gun
           rounds but not other variants listed in the Specialised
Weaponry




           Ammunition chapter.

           FUSION GUN
           One of the most powerful ground-based weapons
           ever made, the fusion gun can blast through just
           about any material.




                                                                                                           Fusion Gun



   168
